Add OpenObserve as an officially supported sink (#21531)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/21531_add_openobserve_as_new_sink.md

> feature: Added a new `openobserve` sink to Vector, allowing users to send logs, metrics, and traces directly to OpenObserve. This integration provides enhanced support for monitoring and observability by enabling seamless data ingestion into OpenObserve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a new `openobserve` sink to Vector, built on top of the `http`, sink allowing users to send logs, metrics, and traces directly to OpenObserve. This integration provides enhanced support for monitoring and observability by enabling seamless data ingestion into OpenObserve.
```
